I have been a big fan of Blizzard games, particularly Diablo since around 1995. I remember playing it at a friends house basically all summer. I played Diablo II for six years off & on. The only reason I quit was to play World of Warcraft, which I bought the collector's edition of too, though I didn't play it long past Burning Crusade. I even bought two copies of the Diablo III collector's edition and gave one to a friend I used to talk Diablo II with in college for hours & hours. During this time I completed my Bachelor's degree in Computer Science Degree and went on to work for the DoD/Navy, the health-care benefits administration field, and global finance at Citigroup working on High Frequency Trading systems.  But most of these were so I could go home and play video games at the end of the day. Frequently Blizzard games. I even liked the Diablo III monk so much I dressed up as one at Dragon*Con 2012, and again in 2013. I have admired Blizzard as a gaming company ever since I read that their general philosophy and "secret" to making great games was to essentiallY - and I admit I am paraphrasing here - ask the developers what game they wanted to play next, and then to make that.  It seemed like such a brilliantly simple solution to making great games I knew someone at Blizzard was a genius. And the best way I have ever found to learn and improve myself was to work and play with people smarter or more experienced than me. At this point in my career this is actually becoming a challenge. I interviewed with a market-research firm yesterday. But after 90 minutes of talking with them it quickly became apparent that I was the most experienced guy on the call and I fear there will not be much I can learn from them despite the very competitive salary they are offering. I would prefer to help make Blizzard make great games. I earnestly believe that video games are good for you. Not just hand-eye coordination, but the competing against other players (people) and being able to talk to them and learn from them. I attribute a significant portion of my critical thinking skills to competing against other players in various video games, either directly, or strategically. I want to help and think I could contribute in a host of different ways from technical leadership, mentoring, and finding clever ways to motivate more junior developers to learn, grow and produce more good technology faster through enthusiasm for the craft, in addition to the experiences of being a gamer from a very early age.

P.S. Here are some pictures of my Monk costume at Dragon*Con 2012/2013: http://imgur.com/a/PskxN
